Add ts CLI ad-template config diagnostics and browser audit (#823)
IABTechLab/trusted-server: docs/superpowers/plans/2026-08-19-refuse-volatile-div-collisions.md

- [ ] Run `cargo test --package trusted-server-cli --target aarch64-apple-darwin collision_only_page_is_not_classified_as_empty` and confirm GREEN.

### Task 3: Verify and deliver

**Files:**

- Verify: `crates/trusted-server-cli/src/commands/audit/generate/gpt_slots.rs`
- Verify: `crates/trusted-server-cli/src/commands/audit/generate/evidence.rs`
- Verify: `docs/superpowers/specs/2026-08-19-refuse-volatile-div-collisions-design.md`
- Verify: `docs/superpowers/plans/2026-08-19-refuse-volatile-div-collisions.md`

- [ ] Run `cargo fmt --all -- --check`.
- [ ] Run `./scripts/test-cli.sh aarch64-apple-darwin`.
- [ ] Run `cargo clippy --package trusted-server-cli --target aarch64-apple-darwin --all-targets --all-features -- -D warnings`.
- [ ] Run `cd docs && npm run format`.
- [ ] Run `git diff --check` and inspect the scoped diff.
- [ ] Commit and push the fix to `feature/ts-cli-ad-templates`.

### Task 4: Refuse a known single-observation volatile family

**Files:**

- Modify: `crates/trusted-server-cli/src/commands/audit/generate/gpt_slots.rs`

- [ ] Add failing registry and request tests for a single `<family>_<render-token>_<placement>` observation.

> - [ ] Add a recognizer keyed on the token shape — eight or more leading digits followed by more alphanumerics — in any position that still has placement content after it.

Reviewer: ⛏ **nitpick** — The shipped recognizer also requires a non-empty family prefix before the token (`gpt_slots.rs`: an id that *begins* with the token is not refused); "in any position" overstates. The spec's `<family>_<render token>_<placement>` wording is correct — this checklist line is the outlier.

```suggestion
- [ ] Add a recognizer keyed on the token shape — eight or more leading digits followed by more alphanumerics — in any position that has a non-empty family prefix before it and placement content after it.
```

Author: Fixed in e17ddc11. The plan now states that the token must have a non-empty family prefix before it and placement content after it, and reflects the tightened 10-digit threshold.
